Lord Jade Emperor
Really? What's wrong with you?
Do you still remember me?
I must have seen you once before
I miss you day and night after coming back
It's hard to forget
Really? Really?
Of course it's true!
What's the matter with you this time, sir?
I hear you like me.
There are pictures of me in the car bedroom
And I was very touched by that.
It just so happens that I have plans to start a family recently
I just wanted to come and see you.
Oh, really?
Lord Yihuang is here to start a family with me this time
Have this idea for now
But there are too many women who like this emperor
And they are all very outstanding
So, it depends on your performance
Performance? How am I supposed to perform?
Let's talk about it in the house
Ah yes yes yes
Man No. 1, please come in
Lord Ye Huang, please take a seat
I'll make you tea
Adults please drink tea
Let's have a drink then